Garbage Collection
"
1.Consider following program. When is the B object, created in line 3, eligible for garbage collection?
void testMethod()
{
  A aObj = new A();
  BbObj = new B();
  aObj.aMethod(bObj);
  aObj=null;
  bObj=null;
  System.out.println(“Completed”);
}
after line 5"
Q)Which part of the memory is involved in Garbage Collection? Stack or Heap?
Q)What is the purpose of garbage collection in Java, and when is it used ?
Q)What does System.gc() and Runtime.gc() methods do ?
Q)Can the Garbage Collection be forced by any means?
Q)When is the finalize() called ? What is the purpose of finalization ?
Q)How to enable/disable call of finalize() method of exit of the application
Q) When does an Object becomes eligible for Garbage collection in Java 
Q) Is garbage collector a daemon thread?
Q)what is Islands of Isolation?
Q)What is difference between final, finally and finalize?
Q)Explain Garbage collection mechanism in Java? GC Phases?


Multithreading
Q)What is Multithreading in Java?what are its advantages?
Q)What is Thread in Java?
Q)Explain Thread Life Cycle with diagram?
Q)What is the difference between Thread and Process in Java?
Q)How do you implement Threads in Java?
Q)What are differences between implementing Runnable and extending Thread?
Q)What is difference between starting thread with run() and start() method? 
Q)Can you again start Thread?what will happen if we do it?
Q)List Thread class methods?
Q) How can you say Thread behaviour is unpredictable?
Q)How can you ensure all threads that started from main must end in order in which they 
started and also main should end in last? 
Q)What is a daemon thread?How to make a thread (user thread) to Daemon thread?
Q)What is difference between user thread and Daemon thread?
Q)what is Thread synchronization?
Q)What is thread-safety? is Vector a thread-safe class?
Q)What is race condition in multithreading and how can we solve it?
Q)How to stop a thread in Java
Q)How threads communicate between each other?
Q)What is the difference between notify and notifyAll in Java?
Q)Why wait(), notify()  and notifyAll() are in Object class and not in Thread class?
Q)Is it important to acquire object lock before calling wait(), notify() and notifyAll()?
Q)what is significance of yield() method, what state does it put thread in?
Q)Difference between wait() and sleep() ? 
Q)Difference and similarities between yield() and sleep()
Q)Mention some guidelines to write thread safe code, most important point we must take care of in multithreading programs?
Q)What will happen if we don’t override run method?
Q)What will happen if we override start method?
Q)What do you mean by thread starvation?
Q)What is ThreadGroup in java, What is default priority of newly created threadGroup, mention some important ThreadGroup methods ?
Q)What are thread priorities?
Q)Difference between synchronized block & synchronized method?

